[IMP] timesheets: get_started.rst (#780)
odoo/documentation-user: timesheets/overview/get_started.rst

| Under :menuselection:`Timesheets --> Configuration --> Settings`, choose the unit of measure to
  register your timesheet. This provides tools and widgets to help you encoding.
| *Minimal duration* is the minimum time at which a task is recorded, when using the timer.

> | *Rounding up* times up or down to the nearest minutes or hours, when using th timer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *Rounding up* times up or down to the nearest minutes or hours, when using the timer.
```

>    For example: if the interval is set to 30min, a 14min entry will show up in reports as 0min, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example: if the interval is set to 30min, a 14min entry shows up in reports as 0min, and
```
